Exhibit 10.11
*** Certain portions of this exhibit have been omitted based on a request for confidential treatment pursuant to Rule 24b-2 under the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended. The omitted portions have been filed separately with the Securities and Exchange Commission.
STRATEGIC ALLIANCE AGREEMENT
This Strategic Collaboration Agreement ("Agreement"), effective as of the 23rd day of September, 2016 ("Effective Date"), is entered into by and between The University of Texas M. D. Anderson Cancer Center, with a place of business located at 1515 Holcombe Blvd., Houston, TX 77030, USA ("MD Anderson"), a member institution of The University of Texas System ("System") and Adaptimmune LLC, with a place of business located at 2001 Market Street, Philadelphia, PA 1903, USA ("Adaptimmune"); and Adaptimmune Limited, with a place of business at 101 Milton Park, Abingdon, Oxfordshire, OX14 4RY ("Adaptimmune Limited") (MD Anderson and Adaptimmune each a "Party" and collectively the "Parties").
WITNESSETH
Whereas Adaptimmune and Adaptimmune Limited are biotechnology companies involved in the field of research, development and marketing of pharmaceutical products and therapies, including the sponsorship of clinical trials.
Whereas MD Anderson is a comprehensive cancer research, treatment, and prevention center, with scientists and technicians in substantive fields relating to cancer research.
Whereas the Parties hereby wish to establish a strategic alliance, as further described herein, ("Alliance") whereby Adaptimmune will provide funding and in-kind support for: (a) one or more preclinical studies ("Pre-clinical Studies"); and (b) one or more clinical and related correlative studies ("Clinical Studies") to be conducted by MD Anderson pursuant to this Agreement (each such Clinical Study or Pre-clinical Study, a "Study," and all such Clinical Studies and Pre-clinical Studies, the "Studies.").
Now therefore, in consideration of the premises and the mutual covenants and conditions hereinafter recited, the Parties do hereby agree as follows:
1.Subject and Scope of Agreement
1.1 The initial scope of the Alliance will consist of the Studies described in Exhibit I, the details of which are to be mutually agreed upon by the JSC from time to time in accordance with Sections 1.5 - 1.8 below). The Studies and/or the scope of the Alliance may be replaced and/or changed as agreed upon by the JSC. Adaptimmune shall have responsibility for IND filing and monitoring unless otherwise agreed by JSC. The Alliance Funding (defined in Section 1.3 below) will cover enrollment of a minimum of *** Clinical Study subjects into Clinical Studies (with Clinical Studies in this context excluding any screening Study or long term follow-up Study) ("Minimum Patient Numbers"). MD Anderson represents and undertakes that (a) *** and (b) that the ***
(together (a) and (b) being the *** ):
1.2 Adaptimmune shall be the sponsor of any Clinical Study. MDACC shall be responsible for the conduct of each Study in accordance with the relevant protocol and/or workscope. The Agreement shall govern the performance of Studies by MD Anderson and one or more Principal Investigator(s) on basis of
*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.
1
Study specific documents ("Study Orders") as agreed upon by the Parties. This Agreement shall apply to all Studies set out in the Study Orders performed by MD Anderson and the MD Anderson principal investigator(s) responsible for the performance of such Studies ("Principal Investigator(s)") upon execution of Study Orders during the term of this Agreement. Each Study Order shall be substantially in the form attached as Exhibit III to this Agreement and shall detail the specifics of the Study to be performed under such Study Order including, without limitation, (i) the detailed Protocol or workscope, (ii) the Principal Investigator and (iii) identify any project-specific resources or support provided by Adaptimmune. In the event of any conflict of terms of this Agreement and the terms of a Study Order, the terms of this Agreement shall govern, unless the Study Order specifically and expressly supersedes this Agreement with respect to a specific term, and then only with respect to the particular Study Order and specific term. If there is any discrepancy or conflict between the terms contained in a Protocol or workscope and this Agreement and/or the relevant Study Order, the terms of the Protocol or workscope shall govern and control with respect to clinical/scientific matters and the terms of the Agreement and/or the relevant Study Order in that order shall govern and control with respect to all other matters, e.g., legal and financial matters.
1.3 Adaptimmune agrees to commit funding in an amount of at least nineteen million six hundred and forty four thousand Dollars US ($19,644,000) for the performance of the Studies as set out in Exhibit I during the term ("Alliance Funding"). The JSC may allocate and/or re-allocate funds to Studies as necessary and agreed by JSC. The basic per patient estimate for Clinical Studies is as follows: for screening Clinical Studies: $ *** , for long term follow-up Clinical Studies: $ *** and for other Clinical Studies: $ ***. If the Parties extend the term by mutual agreement as set forth herein, the Parties shall negotiate in good faith the amount of future Study funding commitments by Adaptimmune applicable to such extended term. In the event a Study is terminated early, then in relation to any funds allocated to such Study, the Parties shall promptly discuss and agree upon a replacement of that Study with a new study of similar scope that is of mutual scientific interest to the Parties and that is approved by the JSC, and that will be funded by the Alliance Funding. If there is any Alliance Funding at the expiration or termination of this Agreement, it will be allocated to studies, research or tests agreed by the JSC, and such Alliance Funding will be payable in accordance with agreed milestones relevant to such agreed studies, research or tests.
The Parties understand that the compensation being paid to MD Anderson under this Agreement constitutes the fair market value of the services to be provided hereunder. Neither MD Anderson nor Principal Investigator shall seek or accept reimbursement from any third-party payor for any Study items or procedures supplied by or paid for by Adaptimmune under this Agreement. MD Anderson acknowledges that Adaptimmune may be obligated to disclose all payments made hereunder, including the provision of non-monetary items of value, as may be required under Applicable Law, including the Physician Payments Sunshine Act, passed as Section 6002 of the 2010 Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and, to the extent required by Applicable Laws, agrees to keep and maintain relevant records of such and, upon Adaptimmune's reasonable request, provide such records to Adaptimmune to the extent such information is not already in Adaptimmune's possession, but only to the extent required for Adaptimmune to comply with its legally required reporting obligations. MD Anderson consents to such disclosure, to the extent such disclosure is required for Adaptimmune to comply with Applicable Laws. MD Anderson shall ensure that the Principal Investigator provides in a timely manner all such reasonable information to Adaptimmune necessary for Adaptimmune to comply with any disclosure requirements to the extent required by and in accordance with 21 C.F.R. Part 54, including but not limited to, any information required to be disclosed in connection with any financial relationship between Adaptimmune and the Principal Investigators and sub-investigators involved in the Study, as well as any immediate family members thereof. MD Anderson will ensure that Principal Investigator promptly updates any provided information if any relevant changes occur during the performance of any Study and for one year following completion of any Study.
*** Portions of this page have been omitted pursuant to a request for Confidential Treatment and filed separately with the Commission.
2