Exhibit 10d-2
RESELLER AGREEMENT
BY AND BETWEEN
PIVX CORPORATION AND
DETTO TECHNOLOGIES
This Reseller Agreement is entered as of this day of , 2004 ("Effective Date") by and between PivX Corporation, a California corporation, having its principal place of business at 23 Corporate Plaza Drive, Newport Beach, California, 92661 ("PivX") and Detto Technologies, a Washington corporation, having its principal place of business at 14320 NE 21st Street, Suite 11, Bellevue, Washington, 98007 ("Detto") .
NOW THEREFORE, for good and valuable consideration, the parties hereby agree as follows:
1. GRANT OF RIGHTS
1.1 LICENSE. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, PivX hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and any documentation supporting Qwik-Fix Pro provided from time to time by PivX (the "Documentation") within North America, solely to third parties to whom Detto licenses Qwik-Fix Pro ("Third Parties") , and as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A (PivX/Detto Reseller Agreement Addendum) . PivX also hereby grants to Detto a non-transferable, non-exclusive license to distribute PivX's Qwik-Fix Pro and the Documentation outside of North America, solely to Third Parties and as governed by the terms in Exhibit A. Detto shall have no right to reproduce Qwik-Fix Pro or any part thereof. All copies of Qwik-Fix Pro distributed by Detto shall be distributed pursuant to PivX's current Enterprise License Agreement, as amended by PivX from time to time (the "License") , a copy of which PivX will provide Detto. Detto shall not distribute Qwik-Fix Pro to any Third Party unless the Third Party has accepted the terms of PivX's current License under penalty of perjury and in writing.
1.2 OWNERSHIP. As between PivX and Detto, PivX owns and retains all right, title, and interest in and to Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation; all trademarks, service marks or trade names associated with Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation (the "Trademarks") ; all copyrights, patents, trade secret rights, and other intellectual property rights therein (collectively, together with Qwik-Fix Pro, Documentation, and Trademarks, the "Property") . Except as expressly granted herein, PivX does not grant to Detto any right or license, either express or implied, in Qwik-Fix Pro, Documentation or Property. Detto shall not reverse engineer, disassemble, decompile, or otherwise attempt to derive source code from Qwik-Fix Pro.
1.3 PIVX CHANNELNET. PivX grants Detto access to PivX ChannelNet as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.
2. DETTO'S OBLIGATIONS
2.1 DETTO'S MARKETING; PUBLIC RELATIONS. Detto obligations for marketing and public relations are governed under the terms in Exhibit A.
2.2 TRADEMARKS; PROPERTY. During the term of this Agreement, Detto shall have the right to use and reproduce the Trademarks in connection with Detto's marketing, advertising, promotion and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro. Detto's use of the Trademarks shall not create any right, title or interest therein. Detto shall use the Trademarks only in a manner which complies in all material respects with PivX's reasonable policies in effect from time to time, and all
1
such use shall be for PivX's benefit. Detto shall not remove, obscure or alter PivX's copyright notice or the Trademarks from Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation. If Detto, in the course of distributing Qwik-Fix Pro, acquires any goodwill or reputation in any of the Trademarks, all such goodwill or reputation shall automatically be transferred to and shall vest in PivX when and as, on an on-going basis, such acquisition of goodwill or reputation occurs, as well as at the expiration or termination of this Agreement, without any separate payment or other consideration of any kind to Detto, and Detto agrees to take all such actions necessary to effect such vesting. Detto shall not contest the validity of any of the Property or PivX's exclusive ownership of them. Detto shall not adopt, use, or register, whether as a corporate name, trademark, service mark or other indication of origin, any of the Trademarks, or any word or mark confusingly similar to the Trademarks in any jurisdiction.
2.3 SUPPORT FOR QWIK-FIX PRO. Detto shall provide for all customer support for Qwik-Fix Pro that it resells as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.
2.4 COMPLIANCE WITH APPLICABLE LAWS. Detto shall comply with all laws and regulations applicable to Detto's marketing and distribution of Qwik-Fix Pro hereunder. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, Detto shall, at its own expense, make, obtain, and maintain in force at all times during the term of this Agreement, all filings, registrations, licenses, permits and authorizations
in North America required for Detto to perform its obligations under this Agreement.
2.5 SECURITY ISSUES. Detto shall take all action necessary to ensure that (a) Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation on Detto's servers or computer systems is appropriately secured so that Qwik-Fix Pro and Documentation can only be viewed, copied, or utilized by licensed Third Parties; and (b) that the object code of the Courseware can only be accessed by employees authorized by PivX and cannot be copied or downloaded by any of Detto's licensees or by any other third party. In addition, Detto shall make its offices and equipment available in person, upon reasonable notice, and to the extent feasible, remotely, to PivX to inspect and test Detto's physical and technical set-up to ensure that Detto is complying with its obligations under this Section. Detto agrees to indemnify and hold PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that Detto breaches its obligations under this Section 2.5.
2.6 PROTECTION OF PROPRIETARY RIGHTS. Detto shall cooperate without charge (provided that PivX will reimburse out of pocket expenses as agreed in advance in writing) , in PivX's efforts to protect PivX's rights in the Property. Detto shall promptly notify PivX of any infringements of PivX's Property Rights that come to Detto's attention. PivX shall have the exclusive right to institute infringement or other appropriate legal action against alleged infringers of its Property Rights. PivX shall incur all expenses in connection therewith and shall retain all monetary recoveries received therefrom.
2.7 NO EXCESS REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES. Detto covenants that it shall not make any representations or warranties with respect to Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation in excess of those provided by PivX herein. Detto agrees to indemnify and hold PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that Detto breaches its covenant under this Section 2.7.
2.8 FULFILLMENT OF DETTO'S OBLIGATIONS. Detto covenants that it will fulfill all of its contractual and legal obligations to its customers. Detto covenants that it will (a) provide its customers with first quality sales and technical support with respect to any copies or licenses of Qwik-Fix Pro sold by Detto, (b) promptly, courteously and appropriately respond to its customers questions, concerns and complaints, and (c) generally deal with its customers in a professional manner that shall add to the good reputation of Detto and PivX. To the extent that Detto fails to fulfill its contractual and legal obligations to its customers, Detto agrees that PivX may elect to fulfill those obligations, or any portion of them, and Detto shall reimburse PivX any costs and expenses so incurred by PivX. Detto agrees to indemnify and hold PivX harmless in accordance with the provisions of Section 4.4 to the extent that it breaches any of its covenants under this Section 2.8.
2.9 U.S. GOVERNMENT - RESTRICTED RIGHTS. Detto covenants to require its customers to accept a click-wrap agreement that, among other things, provides that Qwik-Fix Pro and accompanying documentation are deemed to be "commercial computer Software" and "commercial computer Software documentation, "
2
respectively, pursuant to DFAR Section 227.7202 and FAR Section 12.212, as applicable. Any use, modification, reproduction release, performance, display or disclosure of Qwik-Fix Pro and accompanying documentation by the U.S. Government shall be governed solely by the terms of the Agreement and shall be prohibited except to the extent expressly permitted by the terms of this Agreement.
2.10 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT. Detto will engage in future business development with PivX as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.
2.11 SALES FORECASTING; SALES METRICS; SALES REPORTING. Detto will provide sales forecasting, sales metrics and sales reporting to PivX as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.
3. PRICE AND PAYMENT; SHIPMENT AND DELIVERY
3.1 SUGGESTED THIRD PARTY PRICES. Third Party prices are governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A.
3.2 PER COPY FEES. Detto shall pay to PivX for each unit of Qwik-Fix Pro distributed hereunder per copy fees (the "Per Copy Fees") as governed by the terms set forth in Exhibit A. In the event that PivX changes the Third Party prices, Per Copy Fees based on such changed prices shall apply to any order for Qwik-Fix Pro received by PivX after the effective date of the increase. PivX shall provide Detto with at least forty-five (45) days written notice of any increase in the Per Copy Fees.
3.3 PAYMENT. All payments to PivX shall be made within thirty (30) days after the receipt by Detto of the PivX's invoice. Detto shall pay PivX a late charge on outstanding amounts due equal to one and one-half percent (1.50%) per month or the maximum amount allowed by law, whichever is less. All payments shall be made in United States Dollars, free of any withholding tax and of any currency control or other restrictions to PivX. PivX shall have the right, at reasonable times and on reasonable notice, to inspect and audit the books and records of Detto to verify the accuracy of any statements. In the event that such an inspection discloses any error of any amount, the parties shall by appropriate payment promptly adjust for the error. If Detto fails to make payments when due, PivX shall be entitled to, in its sole discretion, to take any one or more of the following: (a) place Detto on credit hold, in which case, PivX may cease to fulfill Detto's orders to any new Third Parties; (b) rescind Detto's right to sell or distribute any additional Qwik-Fix Pro or Documentation hereunder; and (c) to require that Detto direct all future payments, for licenses sold in the past or in the future, from the Third Parties directly to PivX or a lock box or